hey boys not so warehouse here and today
I'm gonna be showing you how I taped the
knob of my stick I'm gonna be showing
you how I tape my road hockey stick I'm
just gonna be using my icy 16 shaft for
now and then I'll be showing you how I
tape my good stick and this is just 95
there is black tape under this and I did
have it taped but I bought new gloves
over the weekend and they're a little
bit bigger than what I'm used to so I
need to make the knob bigger that's why
I'm we're taping this and I just decided
to make a video and there's tape over
this because there is an end plug in it
and the tape just kind of covers up the
top part there where you can't put up
and plug in or plug hanging on I mean
and it just covers up the little scene
can't even see the scene there at all so
instead of going through all this like
hot glue and sanding and putty stuff I
just decided not to do that and just
cover it with tape and that's why I put
tape over this little part here - just
because
normally right here I'll be open so what
you're gonna need is some white tape
so I'm clear tape to cover over it
that's what I do on my road hockey stick
some scissors and sometimes you'll need
a pen or a marker if you should like to
write your name your stick so let's get
started do this one
no it's still my good stick first so I
taped the knob first always have always
will
so I just start it up at the top
obviously and just wrap around it go a
few times just save time in this video
I'm not going to show you I'm just gonna
show you the knob after and then I'll
tape the rest of it over just to save
time so here we have it here's the knob
I normally don't have it this big but
like I said where I got new gloves and
they're bigger the one I'm used to
bother knob just wasn't cutting it I
didn't get the same feel in the same
control so this is just gonna hopefully
help so yeah still not too too big but a
lot bigger than what I'm used to and
then I just taped down around it
normally just pull it really tight there
and try to not have any wrinkles in the
tape just makes it feel better and
smoother should get a better feel for
the stick and then when I get to her
about there and I just go around at once
just to make sure that it's really on
there that's not gonna come off and then
I rip it I rip it and then I just press
it down that's it
normally the knob isn't so big I never
having all that big I'll compare this to
my x60 knob sorry about that my computer
died so she dumped running now but yeah
like I said I'll compare this knob to my
x60 knob when I get it back from the
rink and you guys can see the difference
for yourself I definitely see a huge
difference in the knob so you'll be able
to see that it was I'll get that back
from the rink soon so yeah that's just
how I tape my good stick and I'm gonna
make a separate video of how I tape my
bulky stick which I'll show you in my
next video so comment rate subscribe and
PM me or comment below with some with to
things some blade selections for my icy
16 shaft and my eye some videos or
reviews that you would like to see me do
thank you